.\" MIT License
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2021 Davidson Francis <davidsondfgl@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
.\" of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
.\" in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
.\" to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
.\" copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.\"
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\" copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\"
.TH man 3 "29 May 2021" "1.0" "libag man page"
.SH NAME
ag_init_config \- Initializes libag with user-supplied settings
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <libag.h>
.sp
.BI "int ag_init_config(struct ag_config *" ag_config ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR ag_init_config ()
function initializes libag with user-supplied attributes specified by
.IR ag_config .
The structure
.I ag_config
defines a set of attributes that enables/disables and configure the
specific behavior of libag. The structure looks like:

.nf
	struct ag_config
	{
		int literal; /* enable/disable literal case search. */
		int stats; /* enable/disable search stats. */
		...
		(please refer to libag.h for a complete description)
	};
.fi

It is worth to note that all default values are 0, i.e: a zeroed
ag_config structure behaves exactly the same way as a simple call to
.BR ag_init ().

This allows the user to activate only the fields he/she deems necessary,
instead of all. Also note that this structure must be allocated by the
user, and therefore, it needs to be clean (without garbage values)
before being passed as a parameter.

.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns 0 if success, -1 otherwise.

.SH NOTES
User-defined settings can also be set anytime after
.BR ag_init ()
with
.BR ag_set_config ().

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ag_set_config (3),
.BR ag_init (3),
.BR ag_finish (3),
.BR ag_search (3)

.SH AUTHOR
Davidson Francis (davidsondfgl@gmail.com)
