.\" MIT License
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2021 Davidson Francis <davidsondfgl@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
.\" of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
.\" in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
.\" to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
.\" copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.\"
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\" copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\"
.TH man 3 "29 May 2021" "1.0" "libag man page"
.SH NAME
ag_search \- Searches for a given pattern on a given path
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <libag.h>
.sp
.BI "struct ag_result **ag_search(char *" query ", int " npaths ,
.BI "	char **" target_paths ", size_t *" nresults ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR ag_search ()
function searches for
.I query
on all paths given in the
.I target_paths
list. The
.I npaths
specify the number of paths (whether files or directories) contained
in
.IR target_paths .
When a successful call to
.BR ag_search ()
is made, the number of results is saved in
.IR nresults .

.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, returns a list of (struct ag_result*) containing all the results
found. It is up to the user to free the results, whether with
.BR ag_free_result ()
or
.BR ag_free_all_results ().
On error, returns NULL and
.I nresults
is set to zero.

.SH NOTES
Please note that this routine is _not_ thread-safe, and should not be called
from multiples threads.

The current behavior of
.BR ag_search ()
can be changed, with the usage of custom config, set on the init via
.BR ag_init_config ()
or later, via
.BR ag_set_config ().

.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
#include <stdio.h>
#include <libag.h>

int main(void) {
	struct ag_result **results;
	size_t nresults;

	char *query  = "foo";
	char *paths[1] = {"."};

	/* Initiate Ag library with default options. */
	ag_init();

	/* Searches for foo in the current path. */
	results = ag_search(query, 1, paths, &nresults);
	if (!results) {
		printf("No result found\n");
		return (1);
	}

	printf("%d results found\\n", nresults);

	/* Show them on the screen, if any. */
	for (int i = 0; i < nresults; i++) {
		for (int j = 0; j < results[i]->nmatches; j++) {
			printf("file: %s, match: %s, start: %d / end: %d\\n",
				results[i]->file, results[i]->matches[j]->match,
				results[i]->matches[j]->byte_start,
				results[i]->matches[j]->byte_end);
		}
	}

	/* Free all resources. */
	ag_free_all_results(results, nresults);

	/* Release Ag resources. */
	ag_finish();
	return (0);
}

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ag_free_result (3),
.BR ag_free_all_results (3),
.BR ag_init_config (3),
.BR ag_set_config (3)

.SH AUTHOR
Davidson Francis (davidsondfgl@gmail.com)
