.\" MIT License
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2021 Davidson Francis <davidsondfgl@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
.\" of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
.\" in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
.\" to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
.\" copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.\"
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\" copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\"
.TH man 3 "29 May 2021" "1.0" "libag man page"
.SH NAME
ag_start_workers \- Start the worker threads for libag
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <libag.h>
.sp
.BI "int ag_start_workers(void);"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR ag_start_workers ()
start the worker threads for libag.

The
.BR ag_start_workers()
and
.BR ag_stop_workers()
routines are designed  for experienced users who want to have refined control
over their worker threads: whether they should start or stop. By default, all
threads start with
.BR ag_init ()
and stop with
.BR ag_finish ().

If the
.I workers_behavior
attribute is set to
.IR LIBAG_MANUAL_WORKERS ,
in
.BR ag_init_config (),
worker threads will not be started automatically in init, but later through
this routine.

If
.I workers_behavior
is set to
.IR LIBAG_ONSEARCH_WORKERS ,
the launch and finish of the worker threads will be controlled by
.BR ag_search ().
This reduces the use of resources at the cost of more search time. It can be
useful if the user does not need to search as often.

.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns 0 on success, -1 otherwise.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ag_stop_workers (3),
.BR ag_init_config (3),
.BR ag_set_config (3),
.BR ag_init (3),
.BR ag_finish (3)

.SH AUTHOR
Davidson Francis (davidsondfgl@gmail.com)
