.\"
.\" Copyright 2021 Davidson Francis <davidsondfgl@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH man 3 "11 June 2021" "1.0" "libag man page"
.SH NAME
ag_search_ts \- Searches for a given pattern on a given path (thread-safe)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <libag.h>
.sp
.BI "struct ag_result **ag_search_ts(char *" query ", int " npaths ,
.BI "	char **" target_paths ", size_t *" nresults ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR ag_search_ts ()
function searches for
.I query
on all paths given in the
.I target_paths
list. The
.I npaths
specify the number of paths (whether files or directories) contained
in
.IR target_paths .
When a successful call to
.BR ag_search ()
is made, the number of results is saved in
.IR nresults .

.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, returns a list of (struct ag_result*) containing all the results
found. It is up to the user to free the results, whether with
.BR ag_free_result ()
or
.BR ag_free_all_results ().
On error, returns NULL and
.I nresults
is set to zero.

.SH NOTES
Please note that this version is the same as
.BR ag_search ()
but thread-safe.

Also note that the thread-safe version here is the most rudimentary
implementation possible: just one lock on the entire function. Which
implies that parallel calls to this function will not be parallel, but
sequential.

A more efficient implementation is needed. See the issues on GitHub for a
breakdown of this.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ag_search (3),
.BR ag_free_result (3),
.BR ag_free_all_results (3),
.BR ag_init_config (3),
.BR ag_set_config (3)

.SH AUTHOR
Davidson Francis (davidsondfgl@gmail.com)
